Hello everyone, we continue to meet with
elements of the group of power outputs on
horizontal bar and today we will study so
called officer's exit like not
difficult to guess by the name of the officer
output came to us from the army and according to
most is a sign of excellent
physical training to study this
I recommend the item only after
studying the exit for one hand and therefore
we will assume that you already know what
such a flag know how to go out and
may hold on to it for a while
and now the fun part is all
his box you have to bring the second
hand behind back to leave there one more
checkbox and then push the dock all the way with
back each of these steps
practiced on the bars or on the low
first of all learn how to put the crossbar
checkbox behind you need
remember where exactly the vulture is and
get used to tick this box
convenient distance from 1
make it easier standing on the ground while doing so
you will spend less power the hardest part
this exercise is to put the weight to yourself
behind
can't go on a bar and
study push-ups on one pole
settling down to her for but very
it is important that when you do pushups
should sag
and drive your legs a little under the crossbar
all in this element there is one and that
same problem and about 95 percent
people studying element complain that they have
not prolazit ass the remaining five percent
just think so but no silence
solutions except how to increase the amount
workouts on the bars I offer here
Alas I can not this is a pure matter of practice
yes of course during training you can
sometimes need to resort to help
partner and of course you can go to
groove swinging or jerking up
millimeter
but our ultimate goal is to fulfill the element
calm easy
On this for today, put the likes
subscribe for updates see project
exit by force and join the movement